## Create content placement CSV

**Authors:** Ray Sanchez

This folder contains a script and information about necessary input files to create the "Panel_Image Info.csv" and "TaxonomyNodes.csv" files, both of which are 
key for the applications team to properly place images on the Cell Type Knowledge Explorer. 
##

* **make_csv.R** - contains function to generate "Panel_Image Info.csv" and requires the following inputs:
  * **cl_updated.df.csv** - standard annotated cluster table providing id, color, and label for every node in the taxonomy.
  * **nomenclature_table** - any standard nomenclature table generated by the [code here](https://github.com/AllenInstitute/nomenclature), with a manually added extra column called "Cell Type Card?" and values of "Class", "Subclass", "Cell Type" or "Cell Type,Subclass" for accession IDs that should get cards, and a value of "No" for accession IDs that should not be included (note: this convention could be improved/generalized).
  * **Image directory** - any directory containing images to generate CSV for. 

Currently, "make_csv" only really makes sense for generating the CSV for one modality at a time (I usually made the CSVs for each modality as I generated the images and then put them together).
This should change to make this more flexible. 


##

* **nomtable_to_TaxonomyNodes.R** - function to create TaxonomyNodes.csv given any nomenclature table. This CSV is used by both the applications and ontology teams to determine which taxons get cell type cards AND ontology nodes, so is **very important**. This should be re-run anytime a taxonomy is updated and a new nomenclature is generated. It's only required input is a nomenclature table as described above.


##
* **CSVs_General.R** - an early version of "make_csv.R" that is not functionized. 
